hello raw mithril here once again just a
bit of an announcement video that I want
to put up before uploading more of
megaman unlimited blind run a bit of a
progress update I have completely
finished the game now so no worries
about spoilers from here on out I've
gone through the entire game my basic
feelings on the game overall I really
enjoyed this game there are some
questionable parts here and there but
we'll get to them as we go through the
blind run but overall I thought this was
a really good game I love this I'm glad
that I got an opportunity to play this
brought back lots of good memories of my
first time going through Mega Man 9 and
as my favorite in the classic series
that's honestly one of the best
compliments i can pay this game i really
don't get the complaints i keep seeing
about stage length i think it feels
about right honestly not too short not
too long I think it's good and the
number of checkpoints is exactly what
you'd have in the classic series 1
mid-stage and one at the end right
before the boss some of the checkpoints
are maybe a bit questionably placed but
other than that I really didn't have a
problem with that so the main reason for
this announcement video is I've been
looking over the comments on the two
blind run videos that I've posted so far
and I just want to say to viewers and
commenters tone down the hate okay now
just to clarify here I'm not getting on
everyone's case about this there are
plenty of people that have been leaving
good positive comments about what they
like about the game how much fun they've
had with it people who are expressing
their thanks to mega Phil X and the team
behind megaman unlimited for the game
they created so that's absolutely fine i
have no problem with that there are also
people who like the game but you don't
want to try and help out with it one to
suggest areas that could maybe use a
little tightening up people that want to
report bugs people that want to offer
good constructive criticism too and
that's fine too actual constructive
criticism that's a good thing I'm sure
mega Felix doesn't mind reading
constructive criticism things that could
tighten up the game a bit but use some
tact in it ok don't tinge it or taint it
with well this just sucks and this
should be done somehow differently and I
don't like how this is done and all
right
that kind of thing down a bit the ones
that are just complaining that's just
bad that doesn't help anything for
example I've seen comments people that
just accuse mega Felix that Ali had
knows how to do is cheapness and that's
not true at all the difficulty curve in
the game it is one of the trickier games
like I said I would compare it to Mega
Man 9 it takes some learning and
honestly I enjoy that I think that's a
good thing what would be the fun if you
could just blazed through the game the
first time no problem you know I think
it's a very fair difficulty it's hard
but doable it's learnable um kind of
connected to that I've seen a lot of
people that have just rage quitted
really easily I've seen people that have
said they've lost twice on a stage and
just uninstalled the game instead of the
rational response of okay take some time
out sit back from the game a bit and go
back to it later with a fresh mind I
think there's just too much of a
predisposition to rage quit here and
it's kind of saddening that they don't
really give the game the chance it
deserves there's also a comment that I
saw that just really bugged me someone
that said as they put it this wasn't a
love letter to the series but more like
hate mail I could not disagree with that
more this is by its very definition a
labor of love the team knew that they
couldn't be paid for this game since
mega man was not their intellectual
property and yet they dedicated five
years of their life to making this and I
think they did a bloody good job with it
hate mail to the series that would be
what Capcom is currently doing by
cancelling Mega Man Legends mega man
universe Megaman online but hey here's
over that's a great game right that
would be hate mail to the series
especially when they said they were
aware of the 100,000 strong movement for
legends three and basically just said
yeah awesome what they did we don't care
that's hate mail to the series so these
hateful comments not only are they
disrespectful to mega Phil X and a team
of I think maybe five six people tops
that made this game over five years
it's very disrespectful to the effort
they went through to make this game and
the fact that they offered it for free
it's not like you had to pay for this if
you don't like it so it's not only
disrespectful to them but clogging up my
videos with comments like that that's
all so disrespectful to me and I really
don't appreciate that so you know tone
that down a as they say if you can't say
something nice don't say anything at all
constructive criticism is fine but just
venting and complaining save that for
somewhere else really let's just enjoy
the fact that while capcom's spinning
its wheels people are willing to go to
the effort to make a really awesome fan
game I love this could it have been
better in some ways yes but you don't
need to be nasty about it that's that's
really the point I'm trying to make here
anyway that's pretty much all i have to
say here so we'll wrap this up i'm gonna
try and get some more vids ready for
tonight hopefully i can get at least one
more up we shall see at this point I at
least don't have to record anymore so
it's fully an editing phase from here on
in so it should go a lot faster a lot
more cleanly and i look forward to
getting more of the videos up for those
wondering i do actually plan to at some
point go back and try and perfect run
this i think it's very doable and
believe it or not I actually think
rainbow man is going to be one of the
easier stages now that I know where all
the traps are it's like I said it's a
learning it's a learning curve it's a
learning process so that thank you very
much for listening please respect my
wishes and you know go easier on the
hate comments just don't do that there's
no need for it and I shall see you again
next time until then fairly well